### v0.137 (2015-12-16)
- BREAKING CHANGE: Every Sandstorm app MUST change one line in `.sandstorm/Vagrantfile`.
    - Problem: The official Debian "jessie64" Vagrant base box stopped supporting
      VirtualBox file sharing. This new release means that anyone who either
      runs `vagrant box update` or runs `vagrant-spk` on a fresh machine will
      get a version of `debian/jessie64` that will not build Sandstorm packages
      correctly.
    - Solution: Sandstorm.io now maintains a separate Vagrant base box which
      does support VirtualBox file sharing. For now, this is a bit-for-bit
      copy of the most recent `debian/jessie64` base box that **did** support
      file sharing.
    - **Change required**: Every app must edit `.sandstorm/Vagrantfile` to contain
      `config.vm.box = "sandstorm/debian-jessie64"` instead of
      `config.vm.box = "debian/jessie64"`.
- Update `vagrant-spk up` to check for the above problem and inform people on
  how to fix it. Update auto-generated `Vagrantfile` accordingly as well.
- For freshly-created Meteor apps, be a little less quiet so that people can
  understand how their package build is progressing.
- (EXPERIMENTAL) Improvements to automatic Meteor app packaging, aka
  `vagrant-spk auto meteor`:
    - Automatically switch Google Fonts from HTTP to HTTPS.
    - Open `.meteor/` files in append mode, to avoid overwriting them.
    - Add more newlines when editing `.meteor/` files.

### v0.130 (2015-11-04)
- (EXPERIMENTAL) vagrant-spk auto meteor improvements:
    - Automatically switch (some) HTTP resource references to HTTPS.
    - Add kentonv:accounts-sandstorm to generated packages.
    - Use git repo name to infer package name.
    - Store git repo URL in the package metadata.
- Meteor stack: Use `meteor-spk` version 0.1.8. This fixes a bug where
  niscudb => Mongo 3 migrations would sometimes fail. If your app has
  `PACKAGE=meteor-spk-0.1.7` in `.sandstorm/setup.sh`, **and** if it
  ever had a previous version, then you should migrate to
  `PACKAGE=meteor-spk-0.1.8` and do `vagrant-spk destroy` to flush the
  cached meteor-spk package version in any packaging VMs.

### v0.125 (2015-10-22)
- Provide a SANDSTORM=1 environment variable so apps can decide if they are
  running in Sandstorm, through a check at runtime.
- Make the Meteor stack less verbose.
- Avoid Vagrant's scary red colorization of stderr.
- More useful help text; thanks @pwais.
- By default, don't limit max body size for inbound HTTP messages in stacks
  that use nginx. This fixes a problem where apps generated by vagrant-spk
  could not accept large (>1MB) file uploads.
- Upgrade meteor stack to meteor-spk 0.1.7, which results in Meteor apps
  getting MongoDB 3.x.
- Make better VM names in VirtualBox, based on the path of the directory
  containing .sandstorm/ (typically the name of the app) and the current
  time (to avoid conflicts).
- Provide more RAM & CPU on Windows-based vagrant-spk VMs, similar to how
  we calculate this on Linux.
- Add experimental "auto" command, for automatic packaging of Meteor apps.

### v0.107 (2015-09-01)
- Add "publish" command, so this can be used with https://apps.sandstorm.io/.
- Fix small bugs:
    - atomically download Sandstorm tar.xz file.
    - remove "wipe" command, since only Drew ever used it.
- LEMP stack fixes:
    - use `mkdir -p` to create sessions directory, to avoid confusing Debian's php package.
- DIY stack fixes:
    - use "-y" in apt-get install examples, to avoid prompting for input.
- Improve debugging:
    - send nginx logs to stderr.
    - stop storing nginx access logs.
- Improve vagrant-spk build process:
    - Use fully-headless Windows package build process.
    - Move stack scripts into their own files for tidiness.

### v0.101 (2015-07-27)
- Create Windows installer; start doing releases.

### v0.100 and earlier
- Change logs were not kept, but you can inspect version history in git.
